I will be joining  at 8:45 AM EST to talk about  struggles and solutions amidst the COVID-19 pandemic. Be sure to TUNE IN. 
Enjoyed the opportunity to speak on my daughter, Charlotte¡¯s new show for children about taking care of our emotional well-being.
, it is important to get help when you need it. 
Please see below for information on the available  resources to help you and your loved ones. 
Children of  serve too & make significant sacrifices along the way. Thank you to all the children for your continued positivity & and service to our country!  

Be sure to see all the children featured here 
For transitioning service members and their families,  has launched their ¡°Career Community¡± which offers a variety of services to help you adjust back into civilian life. Watch here to learn more: 

Wishing you a very special birthday, . Happy Birthday! 
Inspired by all the amazing  who have joined forces and made face masks for their families and military community members living on base.
Read below if you are a military spouse and interested in creating your own face mask at home!
NEWS: Karen Pence to Newsy: We Need to Pay Attention to Mental Health
 it is important to check in with your emotional well-being and the well-being of loved ones. If you or someone you know needs help, please go to: 
It was an honor to speak today at the  about the need to mitigate the impact of the  pandemic on our . I encourage everyone to take time to do the things you enjoy, such as gardening or painting.  it is okay to ask for help.
, we must take action to address the  consequences this pandemic has brought. Under ¡¯ direction, we are working to remove the barriers to addressing mental health & preventing suicide for Americans. Read more here
To military families,  it is important to connect to available resources to help your family during the COVID-19 pandemic.  is a great resource, offering valuable services such as free counseling sessions. Listen below to hear more! 
Inspired by art therapist Lauren Daugherty who is offering a free online  session this week to help with stress. You can join the session this Thursday. Event information can be found here: 
Great phone call today with  ambassadors to discuss ways we can all continue to help Americans during this time of uncertainty. I am grateful for the ambassadors¡¯ support and work in encouraging Americans to prioritize care for their mental health and stress.
,  is a critical part of your emotional & physical health & can not be overlooked during the  pandemic. As the lead  Ambassador, I encourage everyone to be sure to check in with yourself & loved ones. 
¡°The stigma is one of the biggest roadblocks for people getting help. We wanted to get people talking about it. Everyone has a day when they¡¯re in total despair, but it can get better and there are people to help.¡±
¡°Building a creative time into the day can provide a positive focus that stimulates and concentrates our minds and relaxes our bodies. There¡¯s science behind it."

Be sure to read an  expert¡¯s tips on how to get creative at home!

To our service members, on behalf of everyone at the , thank YOU for your unwavering commitment to our country. Your risks are great as the fight against COVID-19 continues, & we recognize the sacrifices made to protect the health of Americans. Our hearts are with you.
I am honored to announce that I will be the lead Ambassador for PREVENTS, a task force designed to prevent suicide for  and all Americans. COVID-19 has impacted the mental health of many people and  we must take care of ourselves and one another.
To all the military children, we salute YOU and celebrate April's . Amidst the COVID-19 challenges, we see military children and families exhibit a willingness to adapt and support one another. Your resilience is inspiring to us all. Thank you! 
Be sure to tune in LIVE at 12 PM EST for a special conversation on Purple Up Day and April¡¯s . 
Congratulations to all the exceptional  branch winners!
Wonderful visit at  to see the breathtaking ¡°Degas at the Op¨¦ra¡± exhibit, showcasing artist Edgar Degas¡¯ 100 best-known & beloved works. Thank you to Kaywin Feldman, National Gallery¡¯s 5th Director, and Kimberly Jones, exhibit curator, for the tour!  
Touched by the stories of military service members and veterans who have found comfort and expression in  at the James A. Haley Veterans¡¯ Hospital. Creating art pieces has allowed for deep transformation and healing as they recover from brain injuries. 
An honor to speak to military spouses, business leaders, military officials and organizations about the role we can all play in creating actionable solutions for  employment. Thank you to  for leading this nationwide effort and for having me today!
Enjoyed meeting so many wonderful  at ! 
Deeply humbling to visit the Gander Memorial and pay tribute to the 248 soldiers who lost their lives on December 12th, 1985 as they were returning home. Widow of one of those soldiers, Amy Gallo, joined to share her experience on that tragic day.
Inspired by the service members who shared their stories on how  has been instrumental in their healing process from their invisible wounds. Art therapy is not arts and crafts but a clinical practice that has significantly uplifted service members as they heal.
An honor to speak to  stationed at  who honorably serve the . We recognize your great strength and we are fighting for new and improved employment opportunities so that every spouse has a chance at a meaningful career!
Thank you to the senior military leadership team for briefing Mrs. Esper and I on the important work being done to improve the quality of life for  living on base at . Enjoyed a productive conversation!
Last December,  signed the National Defense Authorization Act, which will help improve the quality of life for . Honored to be here at  to promote this progress!
HAPPENING SOON: speaking to military spouses today at . Watch LIVE here:

Looking forward to visiting ! Wheels up! 
Karen Pence to visit Kentucky's Fort Campbell to speak to Army spouses 
Congratulations to all of the amazing  who have been recognized for their exceptional contributions to the military community.  

Lots of love for Harley, Hazel, and Marlon Bundo everyday but especially today! 
Still my Valentine after 35 years!  
Enjoyed participating in the annual  "And the Winner is..." event to recognize and celebrate the important work of Tracy¡¯s Kids in providing art therapy programs to young cancer patients.
Great to join a lovely lunch at the  with all the spouses. Thank you  for hosting!
Thank you to all the governors who joined  & I at the  Residence to celebrate the important federal-state partnership & the work you all do. Especially, when it comes to uplifting  & reforming occupational licensure. Let¡¯s keep the momentum going!
ICYMI: Second Lady of the United States Karen Pence meets with military spouses at Camp Lejeune  
Rosa Parks, a heroic civil rights activist, was born on this day 107 years ago. We are forever grateful for her strength, courage, and legacy in the fight for justice and freedom.   
An honor to visit the ¡°Rosa Parks: In Her Own Words¡± exhibit at the  & learn more about the legacy & life of Rosa Parks. Her commitment to the civil rights movement established Rosa Parks as an international symbol of human dignity & freedom. 
Special thank you to Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune and all the amazing spouses for an unforgettable visit yesterday. Oorah!
MAKING NEWS: ¡°The big target is the retaining. You don¡¯t want to have to look for a job every 2 years,¡± she said, adding that an executive order by  enhances opportunities for  looking for employment in the federal gov't.¡±
Looking forward to visiting Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune with Leah Esper, wife of . Wheels up! 
It was a wonderful experience to meet with our brave and strong military spouses in Italy last week. Thank YOU for the sacrifices you have made living overseas and enduring the unique challenges that come with it. Your service does not go unnoticed!  
Today, Ohio  signed occupational licensing reforms for our great military members & their spouse who are licensed in another state but on military duty in Ohio. 
. & I enjoyed hosting military spouses stationed in Italy at the U.S. Embassy last night! Wonderful time meeting with the resilient spouses who have sacrificed so much so their loved one can serve while facing the unique challenges of living overseas. 
Loved exploring Rome and seeing the many beautiful Italian sites including St. Peter¡¯s Basilica! 
A wonderful visit to the Apostolic Palace to see and experience the history of the church and city-state. I especially enjoyed the breathtaking chapels and art at every corner. Thank you for the warm welcome and the experience I will cherish for the rest of my life!
Enjoyed walking through the Old City of Jerusalem! Truly a wonderful experience seeing the rich culture, religious sites, and history throughout the city.
Truly humbling to stand and pray at the Western Wall, a place of sacred holiness for the Jewish community and world.
Happy Anniversary from the Pence family!
Thank you  for putting military spouses first by licensure reciprocity for military spouses and being a strong champion for the Governors¡¯ Initiative on Regulatory Innovation! Great conversation with you and other state and local leaders today. 
I was moved by the stories from service members and veterans on their positive experiences with art making and how this program has been beneficial in their lives. Thank you for sharing and for your service!  
Wonderful visit to  Art of Valor Program to observe a glassblowing demonstration and see the beautiful glass pieces created by veteran and military service members. Inspired by how therapeutic art is positively serving the military community!
Looking forward to traveling to the Sunshine State to visit an art center and meet with veterans and military service members! Wheels up!
Thank you Gov.  for putting military spouses first by seeking to eliminate all occupational licensing fees in Arizona! 
Today we celebrate the amazing men and women in blue who work hard every day to keep our communities safe. Thank you for your sacrifices and commitment! 
NEW in Military Spouse Magazine: 
"Military spouses are truly the salt of the earth. The sacrifices they make are unbelievable. Personally, being able to be around these men and women is so inspiring to me."  
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!
