Since the first days of this pandemic, President  has brought a whole of America response & we¡¯re making great progress. Thank you to the hard working men & women who have spent countless hours making critical equipment & doing their part to help their neighbors.
Under President ¡¯s leadership, we gave  and  the authority under the Defense Production Act to identify resources and supplies to make life saving ventilators and thousands will be used across the Country to save American lives.
Great to be at  in Indiana with ,  &  where they¡¯ve partnered with  to produce hundreds of ventilators for the American health care system. We¡¯re proud to report that every American who has needed a ventilator has received a ventilator.
Under the leadership of President ,  has been able to deliver millions of critical PPE supplies to the Hoosier State and across the Country. We will continue to work every day to protect the health and well-being of the American people.
Thank you  for aligning resources to improve testing and using new research to protect the people of Minnesota. We will continue to work every day with Governors across this Country to put the Coronavirus in the past.
In Minnesota today with ,  and  at  where they are making great progress on testing and collecting crucial plasma donations from Americans who have recovered from the Coronavirus.
We are proud of the progress made by the great people of Louisiana. By putting the health of their neighbors first, they are slowing the spread and flattening the curve as we continue to work through this pandemic together as a Nation.
Tomorrow, I will be visiting  in Minnesota where they are leading the way on testing for the Coronavirus in the United States.
To the people of Philadelphia: Keep doing what you¡¯re doing. It¡¯s working.
We believe that we have a sufficient amount of testing today, for every State that qualifies, to enter Phase One of Opening Up America Again. 
Two months ago, we had done less than 10,000 tests for the Coronavirus in the United States. Because of the public-private partnership President  forged with commercial labs across the Country, we have tested over 5.4 Million Americans.
One month ago, America was in a very different place than today. Thanks to President 's leadership & the hard work of the Coronavirus Task Force, state & local leaders & the American people, the level of influenza-like illness in the US has dramatically decreased.
From early in this effort, President  has called forth a whole-of-government response to the Coronavirus. Today, during our conference call with America¡¯s Governors we renewed our full partnership with state & local governments. We are one team with one mission.
Today, President  signed the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act giving working American families, small business owners, and hospitals the support and resources they need. We are stopping at nothing to protect the American people!
Thank you, America. The progress we are seeing is a testament to all that you have done and to our amazing health care workers who are fighting every day for the health and safety of their fellow Americans.
President  & the entire Admin are pleased at the passage of the Paycheck Protection Program in the House. It includes support for working families, the ability for small businesses to keep their workers on the payroll & $75B to assist hospitals across the Country.
Thank you,  for helping to support American farmers and the American people as we work through this pandemic together as a Nation.
Our amazing men and women on the front lines are working every single day to ensure the health and safety of the American people and along with , we say thank you.
To get our Country working again is to put the Coronavirus in the past, and we are on our way to doing just that. We urge every American to keep following the guidelines so that we can safely and responsibly reopen our Nation.
Thank you to American businesses across the Country for stepping up to help meet the needs of the American people! 
Yesterday, I had the privilege of visiting  in Wisconsin to see American industry and American workers at their very best. Under President ¡¯s leadership and because of the hard work of the American people, we will have 110,000 ventilators in 100 days.
Great call with over 340 state legislators representing over 43 states this morning. Thank you to   members for your hard work in promoting the principles of limited government & federalism that have made this Country great & the shared focus on reopening America.
Today,  and I had the honor of joining President  and  to plant a tree of promise and a tree of hope on the South Lawn of the .
Great to be with  today. He will serve the people of Wisconsin well in Congress and he has our full support! 
Thank you, ! We are one team! 
President  and the  Coronavirus Task Force have made saving lives our one mission, and America our one team. Thank you to every single person at  for being such a vital part of that team!
President  promised we would have 100,000 more ventilators in 100 days. I¡¯m pleased to report, we¡¯re going to have 110,000 new ventilators in 100 days. That¡¯s all thanks to companies like  who are working 24/7 to produce this critical machinery.
No American who has needed a ventilator has been denied a ventilator. It is a great accomplishment for our Nation and  has played a leading role in that. On behalf of President  and all of the families who are indebted to you, thank you.
Today, I had the honor of visiting some hard working Americans at  and it couldn¡¯t be more true that union machinists at  have saved lives. Thank you!
President  and the  Coronavirus Task Force have been working every single day to meet the needs of the American people.
The men and women of  have played a leading role in ensuring that our incredible health care providers have the resources and equipment they need to save lives, and we thank you.
Thank you  for strongly leading the people of Florida during this challenging time for our Nation. We are all in this together.
Heading to Wisconsin with  to visit with the amazing men and women at the  factory in Madison who are working around the clock to manufacture ventilators.
Today, on Yom HaShoah, we remember the six million Jewish lives lost during the Holocaust. We will never fail to honor their memory and we will always value the sanctity of every life and the dignity of every faith.
Good call at  with over 50 of our Nation¡¯s Governors. We discussed expanding testing & ways we can support States as they move towards safely reopening their communities. We'll continue to work closely with Governors across the Country as we face the Coronavirus together.
Thank you to  for teaming up with  to provide 8,000 Police Departments with masks, gloves and hand sanitizer to keep our amazing men and women serving on the thin blue line safe as they protect our fellow Americans across the Country.
As President  said this evening, we¡¯re here to help and we will continue to make sure that Governors across the Country have the best advice and the best resources to put America back to work.
One month ago we had done 80,000 Coronavirus tests in America and this weekend we cleared more than four million. We are testing more than one million Americans a week and we expect to have tested more than 5 million before the end of this month.
No one wants to open America more than President . We'll continue to work with Governors of every state & with the President¡¯s guidelines, we'll work in a way that we can consolidate the progress that we've made & help move our states toward reopening our Country.
We are together as a Nation hastening the day when we will put the Coronavirus in the past and get America working again.
President  has made it clear since the beginning of the Coronavirus that we have one objective and that is to save lives. In the last two months, the American people have stepped forward, embraced the guidelines and we're continuing to see encouraging results.
America has shown, like every graduate at the Air Force Academy, that we are a Nation of courage. With the courage, strength, and compassion of the American people, we¡¯ll get through this, we will protect the most vulnerable and we will heal our land.
In this time of trial and testing for our Nation, the courage demonstrated by the men and women of the  is an inspiration to every American. When hardship comes, Americans come together and rise to the challenge.
Today, 86 members of the  class were commissioned as the first company grade officers of ! Thanks to President ¡¯s leadership,  announced that next month American astronauts will return to space on American rockets from American soil.
Under President ¡¯s leadership, we¡¯ve made historic investments in our National defense & made the strongest military in the history of the world stronger still. Today¡¯s  graduates will be joining the best-equipped & best-trained military in the history.
We gather at a time of crisis as the Coronavirus epidemic impacts our Nation & the world. Like all of today¡¯s graduates have done throughout their time at the , the American people have risen to the challenge & have met this moment with courage, resilience & strength.
Honored to be at the  today for the 62nd graduation of the United States Air Force Academy.
Our best scientists and health care experts assess that states today have enough tests to implement the criteria of phase one of reopening America if they choose to do so.
The American people should remain confident that at President ¡¯s direction, we are going to continue to work every single day to make sure that states have the testing, resources and supplies they need to reopen their communities and to reopen America.
Because of the extraordinary efforts of the American people and because of the strong partnership the Federal Government has formed with states across the Country, we¡¯re making progress, America. 
President ¡¯s guidelines to Opening Up America Again focus on the most vulnerable and the mitigation of any risk of resurgence or the emergence of the Coronavirus in States where it is not yet emerged.
 
Learn more:  
Thank you to Truckers across the Country for putting in long hours and working hard to make sure the American people have food on their tables and the resources they need as we face the Coronavirus together. 
Because of the cooperation of the American people and God¡¯s grace, we are slowing the spread, we are flattening the curve, we have preserved the capacity of our health care system, and we have protected the most vulnerable.
From the moment President  established the  Coronavirus Task Force, he made it clear that we have no higher priority than the health and safety of the American people.
The new guidelines to Opening Up America Again are a product of science and the best common sense that President  has marshaled on the  Coronavirus Task Force and from a broad range of advisers from across the Nation.
President  and the entire  are proud of our health care professionals and military medical personnel in uniform who have been deployed across the Country to serve the American people. On behalf of a grateful Nation, thank you.
The  has announced efforts to facilitate the development and access to convalescent plasma. We urge recovered patients to contact their local plasma donation centers and donate. This is one more way that the American people can step forward and do their part.
Today, the  Coronavirus Task Force met and we received the report that over 3.3 million tests have been conducted and more than 45,000 Americans have fully recovered. Because of the efforts of people all across our Country, we¡¯re getting there, America.
Thanks to  for focusing on our Daughter ¡¯s efforts to make sure America¡¯s kids stay informed about Coronavirus. So proud of our Charlotte!

Check out ¡¯s ¡°Littles News Briefing": 
President  has made it clear, his top priority is the safety of the American people. We will continue to do everything we can and work through this challenging time together as a Nation.
We¡¯re going to listen very carefully to our health care experts and ensure that we have a sufficient amount of both the diagnostic and the surveillance testing to be able to allow businesses and educational institutes to reopen.
While we rightly as a Nation reflect on the more than 23,000 Americans who have succumbed to the Coronavirus, as a tribute to our health care workers, we also do well to reflect on more than 44,000 Americans who have fully recovered.
Good meeting today with members of the  Coronavirus Task Force on testing. Thanks to President ¡¯s leadership, our public-private partnership has already performed more than 3.1 million tests and we're working everyday to increase testing Nationwide.
President  has made it a top priority to make sure that states have what they need when they need it. Because of our partnership with states across the Country, no one who has required a ventilator has been denied a ventilator in the United States of the America.
Early on, President  formed a public-private partnership with commercial labs, and today, more than 2.5 million tests have been performed.
Thank you to a great American, Steven Eull, for going above and beyond and willing to give everything to help others during this tough time.
President  and the entire  Coronavirus Task Force are stopping at nothing the protect the health of the American people. We will continue to work every day to get through this pandemic together as a Nation.
In addition to the 100,000 workers already hired,  is adding another 75,000 & increasing hourly pay. Thank you,  for working every day to meet the needs of the American people as we face this pandemic together.
¡°Why do you look for the living among the dead? He is not here. He is risen!¡± 

Karen and I are wishing a blessed and Happy Easter to everyone who greets the empty tomb today with full and grateful hearts!
As we go into this very special Easter weekend, we are grateful to all of the ministries across the Country continuing to provide for the needs of the American people.
More the 5 billion supplies have be obligated to the States, 29,600 National Guard have been activated and at President ¡¯s direction more than 4,700 active duty military personnel have been deployed to areas most impacted by the Coronavirus.
On this Good Friday, there is Hope.
As our health care professionals continue to work on the front lines of this pandemic, putting the health of their patients first, we are grateful to  for opening up their residences halls so that nurses and doctors can rest between shifts.
America is the strongest, most prosperous Nation in the history of the world and we are going to do whatever it takes to get our Country through this challenging time.
Each of us has a role to pay in slowing the spread and we ask that all Americans keep following the guidelines so that we can keep our loved ones safe and save lives.
To every American, thank you, we are with you. We are praying for the families who have suffered loss and we are working our hearts out to make sure our incredible health care workers have the resources they need to provide care and safely go home to their families.
The American people should be proud that more than 50 flights from all over the world are coming to the US with millions of supplies aboard. Working through  we are directing those resources to the communities most in need.
Today, we received the good news that the first delivery of newly manufactured ventilators from  and  arrived at the Strategic National Stockpile.
At President ¡¯s direction we hosted conference calls with Republican and Democrat members of the House of Representatives. We express our appreciation to  and  Kevin McCarthy for convening these forums.
The  Coronavirus Task Force had a conference call with the  Caucus. We provided updates on our efforts across the Country to increase testing, give States the resources they need and support the American people during this time. 
Productive conference call with the  Conference & the  Coronavirus Task Force. We discussed testing efforts, our whole-of-America approach to combatting this virus & what we are doing to protect the health of the American people. 
Karen and I wish everyone celebrating around the United States and the world a blessed Passover. Chag Sameach!
Thank you the amazing men and women working on the front lines across the Country. We are truly grateful for your commitment and service to the health of the American people as we fight the Coronavirus together as Nation.
Thank you to teachers across the Country for continuing to educate America¡¯s next generation. We are grateful for your commitment to distance learning and keeping kids on the right path during this time.
By the end today, 3,000 military medical personnel will be on the ground in the greater New York City area. We salute these extraordinary patriotic Americans who have stepped forward to bring real relief to our health care workers.
