Hurricane Hanna has been downgraded to a tropical depression, with maximum sustained winds of 35 mph, and is slowly dying over the mountains of northern Mexico
Some urban dwellers are taking a fresh look at their living situation. Millennials are fleeing cities and waging bidding wars for suburban and even rural homes. 
This is what it's like to sail through a part of the world where the polar bears outnumber the people 
Astronomers witnessed a flash of ultraviolet light after a white dwarf star exploded in a supernova, according to a new study.

This is only the second time such an event has ever been observed.
Abigail Disney, the granddaughter and heiress to company co-founder Roy Disney, is once again taking the gloves off in her critique of the conglomerate that bears her family name, accusing management of putting profit ahead of workers' health and safety. 
Worried about your civil liberties? Wearing a face mask will give you more freedom, not less, says the surgeon general, who was nominated by Trump
How do you think unconscious bias impacts our daily lives? CNN¡¯s  looks at the surprising ways it affects us all on Unconscious Bias ¨C Facing the Realities of Racism. Tonight at 8 p.m. ET
This is Perseverance, the next rover that NASA is sending to Mars. It's the first to collect rock and dust samples that will be returned to Earth on future missions. 
An anonymous buyer purchased this private island off the coast of Ireland for more than $6.3 million ¡ª without even seeing the location in person. Brokers say the demand for private islands has increased in recent months. 
Olivia de Havilland, a two-time Oscar winner and for decades the last surviving star of "Gone With the Wind," has died at age of 104, her publicist told CNN. 
Actor John Saxon, who starred opposite Bruce Lee in the classic film "Enter the Dragon," has died at 83, his wife tells CNN.
Much of what we know about the horrors of slavery in the Americas comes from historical records. But new research shows that evidence of the slave trade's atrocities can also be found in the DNA of African Americans.
Senate Republicans are finalizing a bill, which is set to be released Monday, that would offer $1,200 checks but less federal unemployment aid.
The phrase "Black Lives Matter" is being used now as more than just a hashtag ¡ª it's a rallying cry.  Here's what you need to know about the evolution of the movement, and why it matters.
From Germany to Coney Island, here's a history lesson on the hot dog 
Why are there so many fewer Black farmers today than in the past? Hint: It¡¯s not about how good they are at farming¡­  joins Black National Farmers Union Founder, , on an all-new episode of , tonight at 10 p.m. ET/PT
Southwest won't furlough employees for now, despite Covid-19¡¯s crushing blow, CEO says.
Douglas could become the third hurricane in modern history to make landfall in Hawaii.
It's been two months since George Floyd's death and protesters across America are still pounding the pavement. Here's why they refuse to quit.
: ¡°One of America¡¯s greatest legacies to the world has been the peaceful transfer of political power ¡­ It is that precious legacy that Donald Trump is endangering with his conspiracy-mongering about rigged elections.¡±
Olivia de Havilland, the acclaimed actress who played Melanie Hamilton in the 1939 US film classic "Gone with the Wind," dies at 104.
In a surprise announcement made by the British government on Saturday, the previous travel corridor between the UK and Spain ended with immediate effect.
Seattle protesters threw large rocks, bottles, fireworks and other explosives at officers Saturday, police said.
As kids 30 years ago, they changed disability rights. These are the hurdles they're still fighting.
Across the globe, online survivor groups are a source of hope and support for those diagnosed with Covid-19 
Consumers staying home and businesses shutting down in recent months have led to a nationwide shortage of change. 
What do you think can be done to combat unconscious bias? CNN¡¯s  hosts Unconscious Bias ¨C Facing the Realities of Racism. Tonight at 8 p.m. ET
Experts urge shutdown as US deaths top 1,000 for 4 days in a row.
The complex drainage system in Hong Kong protects from once-disastrous flooding caused by seasonal typhoons. But will it be strong enough to withstand the effects of the climate crisis?
A Texas couple is feeling extra blessed after beating the coronavirus, cancer and finishing chemo.
Homemade cloth face masks likely need a minimum of two layers, and preferably three, to prevent the dispersal of viral droplets from the nose and mouth, a video case study indicates. 
With 100 days until the election, President Trump trails in CNN polls of Arizona, Florida and Michigan ¡ª battleground states he won in 2016
People are gathering in Alabama Sunday to remember the life of civil rights activist John Lewis, who died this month.
A farmer in eastern India has found a yellow turtle which experts say is the product of albinism.
Authorities inspecting a seafood store in Spain have discovered a collection of ancient Roman containers, called amphorae, some of which could have been created in the first century and recovered from shipwrecks off the Mediterranean coast 
Walmart will close its stores on Thanksgiving Day for the first time in more than 30 years, the world's largest retailer said
From their respective pandemic lockdowns, the three brothers became captive audiences to President Trump's coronavirus press conferences and started a blog. Opinion and aggregation soon turned into the rapid production of political videos.
The 6888th Central Postal Directory Battalion endured stifling segregation while serving in World War II, but brought order to chaos by improving vital mail delivery for armed forces in Europe.
"I was crying... about how upset I was, and I remember telling (my mom), 'I'm not even excited to go to the No. 1 college in the country." Anya Henry, an incoming freshman at Harvard, plans to live on campus in the fall even though all classes are online. 
A 60-year-old chain link fence at a cemetery in Texas has come down. For community members, that fence was a reminder of segregation that once existed in the town.
Coronavirus spread so quickly through a convent in Michigan that it claimed the lives of 12 sisters in one month, beginning on Good Friday
A global consortium of astrophysicists have created the world's largest three-dimensional map of the universe, a project 20 years in the making that researchers say helps better explain the history of the cosmos 
Educated people who live in rich countries are far less likely to say belief in God is necessary for good morals, according to a massive new survey of 38,000 people in 34 countries.
This couple got engaged under a comet and captured the moment in a spectacular picture 
Greta Thunberg will donate $114,000 to fight the coronavirus in the Brazilian Amazon
One of the original "Rosie the Riveters" is serving her country once more.

94-year-old Mae Krier worked in a Boeing factory during World War II, where she helped make warplanes. Now, she's helping fight a different battle ¡ª by making masks. 
As the planet continues to warm rapidly, a new study brings another dire warning: If humans fail to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, most populations of polar bears could struggle to survive beyond 2100.
Pro skydiver Bjorn Magne Bryn's latest stunt involved free-falling from a helicopter onto Norway's Stetind, a mountain unique for its obelisk shape. Thirty seconds after landing, he had to base-jump down the 4,567-foot mountain with a wingsuit. 
Dark chocolate's benefits continue to pour in, especially as a heart-healthy option. But, as in all things, moderation is key.

Chocolate is chock-full of antioxidants that help reduce inflammation, improve blood flow and boost mood and concentration.
Ford's Mustang Mach-E 1400 is a one-off prototype meant to push the limits of electric vehicles. It's called that because it has a peak horsepower of 1,400. 
After 50 years of flying, Qantas' last remaining Boeing 747 passenger jet departed Australia for the final time and left a special message for everyone in the sky ¡ª a drawing of the airline's iconic kangaroo logo
A farmer found a yellow turtle while working in the fields in eastern India. Experts say its color is the product of albinism. 
Actress Natalie Portman, tennis star Serena Williams and her daughter Alexis Olympia Ohanian are part of a majority woman-founded group that will own the newest soccer team in the United States
Researchers in Hungary were trying to save the Russian sturgeon from extinction. Instead, they accidentally created the hybrid "sturddlefish." 
Coronavirus outbreaks could be stopped if everyone used masks, washed their hands and kept apart from others, a new study finds
After Cleo the 4-year-old Labrador went missing, her owners found her somewhere they didn't expect: At home.

Specifically, her family's old house -- more than 50 miles away from their current home 
How do you think unconscious bias impacts our daily lives? CNN¡¯s  looks at the surprising ways it affects us all on Unconscious Bias ¨C Facing the Realities of Racism. Sunday at 8 p.m. ET
Loving tributes to Regis Philbin began pouring in on social media shortly after his death was announced
Cinnamon may improve blood sugar control in people with a condition known as prediabetes and may slow the progression to type 2 diabetes, according to a new pilot study
80 miles.
200 teams.
3 wheels.

Welcome to the world of tuk-tuk racing: 
Magnus MacFarlane-Barrow non-profit, Mary¡¯s Meals, didn¡¯t let the pandemic stop them from feeding more than one million meals to the world¡¯s poorest children when his team lost direct access to students through schools
Beneath the cloudy, thick atmosphere of Venus, the planet's surface shows signs of activity that may be much more recent than ancient, according to a new study.
The CEO of a national retail chain said Saturday that he's willing to lose customers over a new store policy on face masks. JOANN Fabric and Craft Stores CEO Wade Miquelon acknowledged that some customers may be angered by the policy
An organization started by NBA superstar LeBron James and other Black athletes and entertainers announced that it will help Floridians with prior felony convictions register to vote in the November election
Two teenagers have been charged with murder in the death of an Arizona State University professor who was reported missing in March, the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office said.
Diet-related illnesses are a growing burden on the United States economy, worsening health disparities and impacting national security, according to a white paper published Monday in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition
Before the start of its 2020 campaign on Saturday, the WNBA dedicated the season to Breonna Taylor and the Say Her Name movement, which raises awareness for Black female victims of police violence.
The hole off the Gulf Coast of Florida, dubbed "Green Banana," opens up at 155 feet below sea level. The bottom of the hole is at a depth of about 425 feet.
Fort Hood in Texas is facing a series of tragedies as one service member after another turns up dead.
At least one man is hospitalized in Delaware after 12 people were inadvertently given incorrect Covid-19 test results, according to the Delaware Health and Social Services and state Sen. Brian Pettyjohn
The Sinclair Broadcast Group (SBGI) said it will postpone and rework a segment it planned to air this weekend that suggested Dr. Anthony Fauci, the nation's top infectious disease expert, was responsible for the creation of the coronavirus.
Keeda Haynes was once convicted of a felony. Now, she is running for Congress in Tennessee in hopes of ousting 17-year incumbent Democratic Rep. Jim Cooper. Tennessee has only had two Black candidates elected to Congress in the state's history.
There were only 45,500 Black farmers ¡ª roughly 1.3% of all US farmers ¡ª in the United States in 2017. That figure was much higher a century ago. But a new generation of young Black farmers is still getting into the business.
President Trump has relented on masks and canceled GOP convention events in Florida. But he is not budging on school reopenings, which he has insisted must happen in person despite coronavirus risks, writes Maeve Reston
So far this year, 21 private and public retailers have filed for Chapter 11 according to . That's more than double the number that filed for the same time period last year.
. is in Oklahoma, talking to farmers about the struggle to stay afloat, the cost of discrimination and why some farms succeed while others fail. An all-new , Sunday at 10 p.m. ET/PT
In the two months since George Floyd died at the hands of Minneapolis police officers, we haven¡¯t seen sweeping national reforms or structural changes, writes Paul LeBlanc and Zachary B. Wolf
When coronavirus crisis began in the US we spoke to mayors across the country who are on the front lines. From the South to the Midwest to the Northeast, we check in with them again.
She's not only the first female coach on a Major League Baseball staff in league history -- she also just became the first woman to coach on the field during a major league game
Two students tested positive for Covid-19, and as many as 200 others may have been exposed, after taking the ACT college admissions test at an Oklahoma high school
¡°Last week, I had to sign the largest number of death certificates that I have ever signed in my entire life,¡± says Houston United Memorial Medical Center¡¯s Dr. Joseph Varon, adding that he¡¯s been working 128 days straight. 85% of his hospital now is Covid-19 patients, he says.
Longtime television personality Regis Philbin has died, according to a statement shared by his family on Saturday. He was 88 years old.
 
¡°He made the ordinary seem extraordinary,¡±  says. 
