Over 120 MILLION Economic Impact Payments have already gone out to hardworking Americans! If you haven¡¯t yet received your payment, go to  and click on ¡°GET MY PAYMENT¡± to receive your money FAST!
We can¡¯t let the Fake News, and their partner, the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats, get away with stealing the Election. They tried that in 2016. How did that work out?
The Do Nothing Democrats!
FAKE NEWS!
Great!
DIRTY COP JAMES COMEY GOT CAUGHT!
Plus many!
Really? Have you looked at the numbers lately!
FAKE POLLING, just like 2016 (but worse)!
What happened to General Michael Flynn, a war hero, should never be allowed to happen to a citizen of the United States again!
Does anybody really believe that Roger Stone, a man whose house was raided early in the morning by 29 gun toting FBI Agents (with Fake News  closely in toe), was treated fairly. How about the jury forewoman with her unannounced hatred & bias. Same scammers as General Flynn!
Despite reports to the contrary, Sweden is paying heavily for its decision not to lockdown. As of today, 2462 people have died there, a much higher number than the neighboring countries of Norway (207), Finland (206) or Denmark (443). The United States made the correct decision!
Lyin¡¯ Brian Williams of MSDNC!
I must admit that Lyin¡¯ Brian Williams is, while dumber than hell, quite a bit smarter than Fake News  ¡°anchorman¡± Don Lemon, the ¡°dumbest man on television¡±. Then you have Psycho Joe ¡°What Ever Happened To Your Girlfriend?¡± Scarborough, another of the low I.Q. individuals!
Lyin¡¯ Brian Williams of MSDNC, a Concast Scam Company, wouldn¡¯t know the truth if it was nailed to his wooden forehead. Remember when he lied about his bravery in a helicopter? Totally made up story. He¡¯s a true dummy who was thrown off Network News like a dog. Stay tuned!
Just told that Fake News  is falsely reporting that I was recently shouting at my campaign manager over made up nonsense. Actually, he is doing a great job, I never shouted at him (been with me for years, including the 2016 win), & have no intention to do so. Just FAKE NEWS!
. doesn¡¯t want to speak about their persecution of General Michael Flynn & why they got the story so wrong. They, along with others, should pay a big price for what they have purposely done to this man & his family. They won¡¯t even cover the big breaking news about this scam!
Happy Birthday to three time Olympian and five term Congressman, !
No, I think Amash would make a wonderful candidate, especially since he is way behind in his district and has no chance of maintaining his Congressional seat. He almost always votes for the Do Nothing Dems anyway. I like him even more than Jill Stein!
THANK YOU !
At least they admit it. The Failing  &  never correct their Fake Reporting!
The only reason the U.S. has reported one million cases of CoronaVirus is that our Testing is sooo much better than any other country in the World. Other countries are way behind us in Testing, and therefore show far fewer cases!
THANK YOU MICHAEL! 
Thank you  and ! 
But I love Diamond & Silk, and so do millions of people!
Texas to open businesses in phases beginning Friday. Great job being done by 
Many States moving to SAFELY & QUICKLY reopen!
We are doing far more, and better, Testing than any other country in the world, and yet the media does nothing but complain. No matter how good a job is done, the same as with the Ventilators, they will never say we are doing a great job, they will only viciously gripe!
Because Shifty is a crooked politician!
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:30 P.M. Thank you!
Why should the people and taxpayers of America be bailing out poorly run states (like Illinois, as example) and cities, in all cases Democrat run and managed, when most of the other states are not looking for bailout help? I am open to discussing anything, but just asking?
FAKE NEWS, THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
There has never been, in the history of our Country, a more vicious or hostile Lamestream Media than there is right now, even in the midst of a National Emergency, the Invisible Enemy!
Blame the Democrats for any ¡°lateness¡± in your Enhanced Unemployment Insurance. I wanted the money to be paid directly, they insisted it be paid by states for distribution. I told them this would happen, especially with many states which have old computers.
So true!
American citizens! We were long ahead of Dems, who were all against the BAN.
They are one of the worst in the ¡°news¡± business. Total slime balls!
They asked me to be at West Point on June 13th., & I will be there!
Laura, just another Fake News Report!
Does anybody get the meaning of what a so-called Noble (not Nobel) Prize is, especially as it pertains to Reporters and Journalists? Noble is defined as, ¡°having or showing fine personal qualities or high moral principles and ideals.¡± Does sarcasm ever work?
Reports that H.H.S. Secretary  is going to be ¡°fired¡± by me are Fake News. The Lamestream Media knows this, but they are desperate to create the perception of chaos & havoc in the minds of the public. They never even called to ask. Alex is doing an excellent job!
. just doesn¡¯t get what¡¯s happening! They are being fed Democrat talking points, and they play them without hesitation or research. They forgot that Fake News  & MSDNC wouldn¡¯t let  participate, even a little bit, in the poor ratings Democrat Debates.....
I work from early in the morning until late at night, haven¡¯t left the White House in many months (except to launch Hospital Ship Comfort) in order to take care of Trade Deals, Military Rebuilding etc., and then I read a phony story in the failing  about my work....
The people that know me and know the history of our Country say that I am  the hardest working President in history. I don¡¯t know about that, but I am a hard worker and have probably gotten more done in the first 3 1/2 years than any President in history. The Fake News hates it!
.  Thank you for a great call yesterday with Catholic Leaders, and a great Service today from !
Happy Birthday to Melania, our great First Lady!
Had a great call with Catholic Leaders and Educators earlier today. I will be online tomorrow at 10:15 A.M. (Eastern) for Sunday Mass celebrated by  at St. Patrick¡¯s Cathedral () in New York City. Join me: 
I never said the pandemic was a Hoax! Who would say such a thing? I said that the Do Nothing Democrats, together with their Mainstream Media partners, are the Hoax. They have been called out & embarrassed on this, even admitting they were wrong, but continue to spread the lie!
Remember, the Cure can¡¯t be worse than the problem itself. Be careful, be safe, use common sense!
What is the purpose of having White House News Conferences when the Lamestream Media asks nothing but hostile questions, & then refuses to report the truth or facts accurately. They get record ratings, & the American people get nothing but Fake News. Not worth the time & effort!
Was just informed that the Fake News from the Thursday White House Press Conference had me speaking & asking questions of Dr. Deborah Birx. Wrong, I was speaking to our Laboratory expert, not Deborah, about sunlight etc. & the CoronaVirus. The Lamestream Media is corrupt & sick!
If the Wall Street Journal ¡°Editorial¡± writers had called, as they should have, they would have easily found that I was ¡°NOT happy with the Georgia Governor on Tuesday night.¡± You said the opposite, and got it wrong as you often do!
The Do Nothing Democrats are spending much of their money on Fake Ads. I never said that the CoronaVirus is a ¡°Hoax¡±, I said that the Democrats, and the way they lied about it, are a Hoax. Also, it did start with ¡°one person from China¡±, and then grew, & will be a ¡°Miracle¡± end!
We have now Tested more than 5 Million People. That is more than any other country in the World, and even more than  all major countries combined!
Many testing sites are, and have been, open & available. Just passed 5 Million Tests, far more than any other country in the world. In fact, more than all other major countries combined! Don¡¯t believe the Fake News!
Thank you to the people of Colorado for the warm and gracious notes and letters sent to me for all of the Ventilators we got for you. It was my great honor! 
. is a total winner!
Thank you to William Perry Pendley of the Bureau of Land Management. Great job on  describing some of the most beautiful land in the world! 
I will never let our Post Office fail. It has been mismanaged for years, especially since the advent of the internet and modern-day technology. The people that work there are great, and we¡¯re going to keep them happy, healthy, and well!
Great conversation with President Lenin Moreno of the Republic of Ecuador. We will be sending them desperately needed Ventilators, of which we have recently manufactured many, and helping them in other ways. They are fighting hard against CoronaVirus!
Just spoke to President Juan Orlando Hernandez of the Republic of Honduras. We work closely together on the Southern Border. Will be helping him with his request for Ventilators and Testing.
Great News! Randall Stephenson, the CEO of heavily indebted AT&T, which owns and presides over Fake News , is leaving, or was forced out. Anyone who lets a garbage ¡°network¡± do and say the things that CNN does, should leave ASAP. Hopefully replacement will be much better!
I (or ) never gave Governor Brian Kemp an OK on those few businesses outside of the Guidelines. FAKE NEWS! Spas, beauty salons, tattoo parlors, & barber shops should take a little slower path, but I told the Governor to do what is right for the great people of Georgia (& USA)!
Just spoke to President Nayib Bukele of El Salvador. Will be helping them with Ventilators, which are desperately needed. They have worked well with us on immigration at the Southern Border!
Just spoke to my friend, President Joko Widodo of the Republic of Indonesia. Asking for Ventilators, which we will provide. Great cooperation between us!
Our Country wants to move safely forward. There is a tremendous pent up demand. We will open big!
The Fake and totally corrupt News is after her as a means of getting to me. She¡¯s smart and strong, knows the truth. Already a heroine to many!
Getting VERY good reviews of the job the Federal Government is doing on CoronaVirus. Ventilators, building hospitals, beds and yes, Testing, have been handled incredibly well. Testing is getting exponentially better every day. Love seeing our Country safely opening up!
Important news!
Disgraceful. Should join the Republican Party!
Governor  is a tremendous fighter for the incredible people of West Virginia. Big Jim is strong on Life, the Second Amendment, and Building the Wall! With Governors like Jim, America will recover and get back to business. Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman  is doing a terrific job for the People of Ohio! He defends our Borders, Supports our Veterans, Strong on Crime, and the Second Amendment. Steve has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Bill Posey is a tremendous fighter for the Great State of Florida. He is a big supporter of our  Agenda ¨C Strong on Crime, the Second Amendment, and Loves our Veterans and Law Enforcement. Bill has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman  is a strong supporter and fighter for the People of Ohio! He will help us ! He¡¯s Strong on the Border, Tough on Crime, will Protect our Vets, and our GREAT Second Amendment. Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman  is doing a GREAT job for the People of Ohio! He will always Protect your , Defend our Borders, and Support Small Business ¨C a great supporter of the  Agenda. Troy has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman  is a tremendous fighter for the Great State of Ohio! He is Tough on Crime, our Border, Second Amendment, and helps us Combat Illegal Drugs! David has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman  is doing a tremendous job for the People of Ohio! He¡¯s a proud Veteran and is Strong on the Border, Tough on Crime, the Second Amendment, and Supports Small Business. Brad has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Utah Attorney General Sean Reyes () is a fighter and hard worker for the Great State of Utah. He is a big supporter of our  Agenda ¨C Strong on Crime, the Second Amendment, and Loves our Law Enforcement....
Congressman John Curtis () gets things done for Utah! John fights for Small Businesses, will Lower your Taxes, and will protect your Second Amendment. He has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Chris Stewart () is a tremendous fighter for Utah. He served our Country in the U.S. Air Force, and has been a strong supporter of our  Agenda....
Congressman Warren Davidson () is working very hard for the people of Ohio! He¡¯s a strong supporter of our Military, Vets, Second Amendment, and  Agenda. Warren has my Complete and Total Endorsement!
Congressman Bill Johnson () is an incredible fighter for the Great State of Ohio! He¡¯s a proud Veteran and a hard worker who Cares for our Veterans, Supports Small Business, and is Strong on the Border and Second Amendment....
I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:45 P.M. Thank you!
Fully signed and ready to go!
Please study this closely. We saved many lives with our fast action on CoronaVirus!
We did it once, we will quickly do it a second time!
Thank you to Harvard and all others!
.  We now have many Ventilators to spare. Thank you to all!
CDC Director was totally misquoted by Fake News  on Covid 19. He will be putting out a statement.
Another FALSE ad by the Do Nothing Democrats. Almost all of their ads are False or Misleading, and the Fake News loves it!
Sleepy Joe thought this was OK. Not me!
I have instructed the United States Navy to shoot down and destroy any and all Iranian gunboats if they harass our ships at sea.
States are safely coming back. Our Country is starting to OPEN FOR BUSINESS again. Special care is, and always will be, given to our beloved seniors (except me!). Their lives will be better than ever...WE LOVE YOU ALL!
Happy Birthday to the great Cindy Adams of the New York Post. Cindy is 90, but looks 39 to me. She is going strong!
I will be signing my Executive Order prohibiting immigration into our Country today. In the meantime, even without this order, our Southern Border, aided substantially by the 170 miles of new Border Wall & 27,000 Mexican soldiers, is very tight - including for human trafficking!
¡°Economic impact of Covid-19.¡±  Very interesting analysis. Light at the end of the tunnel. Thank you!
Harvard should give back the money now. Their whole ¡°endowment¡± system should be looked at!
Great new book just out by the Former Director of Ice, Tom Homan: ¡°Defend the Border and Save Lives: Solving Our Most Important Humanitarian and Security Crisis.¡± Great guy, get your copy today!
I urge the Senate and House to pass the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act with additional funding for PPP, Hospitals, and Testing. After I sign this Bill, we will begin discussions on the next Legislative Initiative with fiscal relief....
We will never let the great U.S. Oil & Gas Industry down. I have instructed the Secretary of Energy and Secretary of the Treasury to formulate a plan which will make funds available so that these very important companies and jobs will be secured long into the future!
96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you! This must also mean that, most importantly, we are doing a good (great) job in the handling of the Pandemic.
I¡¯ve had great ¡°ratings¡± my whole life, there¡¯s nothing unusual about that for me. The White House News Conference ratings are ¡°through the roof¡±(Monday Night Football, Bachelor Finale , ) but I don¡¯t care about that. I care about going around the Fake News to the PEOPLE!
It is amazing that I became President of the United States with such a totally corrupt and dishonest Lamestream Media going after me all day, and all night. Either I¡¯m really good, far better than the Fake News wants to admit, or they don¡¯t have nearly the power as once thought!
Watched the first 5 minutes of poorly rated Morning Psycho on MSDNC just to see if he is as ¡°nuts¡± as people are saying. He¡¯s worse. Such hatred and contempt! I used to do his show all the time before the 2016 election, then cut him off. Wasn¡¯t worth the effort, his mind is shot!
Great Alan. They are Fake News!
7 Devastating Revelations About Crossfire Hurricane In New Releases    The greatest political scam in American history!
In light of the attack from the Invisible Enemy, as well as the need to protect the jobs of our GREAT American Citizens, I will be signing an Executive Order to temporarily suspend immigration into the United States!
. will be a tremendous fighter for the U.S. and the State of California. An Annapolis graduate, he served our Country as a highly decorated Navy Fighter Pilot and will be a great Congressman (). Loves our Military, and Vets...
Tom Tiffany () is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin (WI07). We need Tom in Congress to help us Make America Great Again! He will Fight for Small Business, supports our Incredible Farmers, Loves our Military and our Vets....
Last month all you heard from the Radical Left, Do Nothing Democrats was, ¡°Ventilators, Ventilators, Ventilators.¡± They screamed it loud & clear, & thought they had us cold, even though it was the State¡¯s task. But everyone got their V¡¯s, with many to spare. Now they scream....
Received a very nice call from  of Minnesota. We are working closely on getting him all he needs, and fast. Good things happening!
Congratulations to all of my many friends at The Villages in Florida on having done so well, and with such great spirit, during these rather unusual times. So proud of everyone! Mark Morse & Gary Lester have really stepped up to the plate. Hope to see everyone soon.
BRILLIANT, A MUST WATCH! 
White House News Conference at 5:45. Thank you!
Thank you to my boy!
¡°On February 19th there was a Democratic Debate, in Las Vegas. Three words weren¡¯t said: Virus, CoronaVirus, or COVID19. NEVER came up!¡± 
Great book by !
. ¡°Dems say President Trump is trying to open the United States Economy too quickly¡±, but, if I took even a little more time, they would loudly chant that I am moving too slowly. Just political talking points for them. For me it¡¯s about lives &  the future of our Country!
Nervous Nancy is an inherently ¡°dumb¡± person. She wasted all of her time on the Impeachment Hoax. She will be overthrown, either by inside or out, just like her last time as ¡°Speaker¡±. Wallace &  are on a bad path, watch!
Just like I was right on Ventilators (our Country is now the ¡°King of Ventilators¡±, other countries are calling asking for help-we will!), I am right on testing. Governors must be able to step up and get the job done. We will be with you ALL THE WAY!
